## Introducing Myself

For my undergrad I went to SUNY New Paltz. I majored in Astronomy with a minor in Physics and Applied Mathematics. I also took a few computer science classes including Computer Science I, Computer Science II, and Visual Programming. I have written code for my physics and astronomy classes to collect data to make graphs or use data from Excel to make graphs. I have done independent research on a star called T Coronae Borealis when it was predicted to be going nova to see if I could catch it when it happened and study the changes in magnitude during its nova. T CrB is a variable star so it has recurring novas and I was very interested in being able to catch that process. I wrote code in Python to take the data I gathered of its magnitude and make a graph of it. I also wrote code for another project in which I worked with another student to gather data from a muon detector. For months we gathered data using a muon detector to study which settings were best for detecting muons and used Python to make graphs of the data that we gathered. We used this data to write a paper for future students to be able to use and it is actually being currently used here at SUNY New Paltz in the advanced laboratory class for one of the labs.

## Future Applications

I believe I will use the things I learn in this class a lot in my future. I think in whatever career I choose, the things I learn from this class will be extremely useful. I think especially creating, managing, and accessing a database could be very useful. I see myself potentially working in some type of field of data science so I think these skills will definitely come in handy. Also, integrating applications with artificial intelligence will be very useful due to how many applications use AI now. No matter what career I get into, I'm sure AI will be prevalent, so learning how to properly integrate it will be very important. That is how I see myself using the things I learn in this class in the future.
